# Liquid Total Conversion - Story

**Draft**: 2 "Yuko"  
**Version**: 1.2  
**Written by**: Zibon "PixL" Badi, NotablyPrettyCrazy

## Introductory Cutscene

Decadence, tyranny and chaos: These are the forces that spin the wheel of
civilization.

The Marble empire dates it's history back to Primon, a phoenix with a simple
dream who rose up from nothing to build this land and become it's first
emperor. But even on his deathbed, the secret to his uprising remained a
mystery. Legend has it that under guide of the seven secret scrolls of
Neumos, emperor Primon was given divine powers to become a legendary leader and
shape the lands into what it is today, yet the only one to know the truth
behind these mythical scrolls or whether these even exist was his son,
prince Cleron.

---

One day, the second emperor's decadent and uncompromising rule too came to
a close, as his fortress was stormed by both peasants and his own shogunate
alike to overthrow him and chase him into exile, spinning the wheel along
once more and leaving the legend of the scrolls lost to time.

On the day of the overthrow, shogun Yuko publicly announced to the crowd:
"The emperor's decadence has come to an end!", ceremoniously tying a scroll
to a rocket and shooting it into the sky, never exploding, never to be seen
again.

---

Shogun Yuko and his men tried to solidify themselves as temporary rulers,
but to no avail, as all but his closest generals resigned from the ranks,
forming militias to seize power for themselves.

The following period devolved into a relentless war of all against all,
fracturing the empire into ever smaller city states which all fought for
dominance. In a surprise turn of events, the shogunate was able to
establish dominance without use of it's former armies, as clay soldiers and
other creatures slowly flooded the battlefield in service of establishing
the shogunate's supremacy over the empire.

---

From then on, shogun Yuko and his men unified the empire once again, ruling
it with an iron fist to prevent another such civil war. Amid the populous
in such dire times, the legend of the seven scrolls was shared once again
and it has been foretold that whoever can unearth them will be able break
the vicious cycle once and for all and bring ever-lasting peace to the
lands  ...or ever-lasting destruction.

## Characters

### Yuko

As explained above, Yuko is the shogun of the Marble empire's former army.
During the siege on Cleron, Yuko discovered the Neumos' scroll of
leadership which revealed the powers of leading vast armies to him.
Realizing this, he tied the scroll to a rocket to hide it away out of orbit until
he could utilize it's powers to overtake the empire using his
newly-discovered clay army.

#### Author's Note

Yuko's name is derived from the japanese word "Yuka", which means earth.
This name is a simple reference to his clay soldiers.

### Dua

Ever since the siege on Cleron, phoenixes have been cast aside in most
societies of the empire and Dua is no exception, having grown up as an
outcast of both regular and phoenix society alike.  Using her cunning
alongside the scrolls, she strives to carve out a state for all species of
the empire without discrimination.

[*Appearance*: Kitsune-Phoenix hybrid]


### Marco "Mako" Vinci

A carpenter turned traveling salesman when his ingenious devices allowed
him to cross the mountains from a faraway land towards the empire.

[*Appearance*: Tiger Mobian meets Duckberg duck; renaissance carpenter]

#### Skills

- Self-built portable helicopter
- Lightweight nautical armor (he can swim in it)

#### Author's Notes

"Mako" is a japanese name that can be used for both females and males.
His real name, "Marco Vinci" references both Marco Polo as well as Leonardo
daVinci to signify his foreign origin as well as his ingenuity.


### Wan Junada

An Asian Black Bear which alongside having enough strength to break
certain terrain, climb up walls and swim, also utilizes a Wau Bulan kite to
glide across the skies(not very well, mind you. He's still a bear after
all.) During the empire's reunification, while he was out scavenging, his
family had been killed in the siege perpetuated by Yuko's clay soldiers.
From then on, he swore to avenge his family and see to it that Yuko gets
what he deserves.

[*Appearance*: The species is obvious enough, but his attire probably ought to resemble male traditional Malaysian outfits]

#### Author's Notes

Wan is a Malay title, so the short name would be Junada

Wan is a noble patrilineal, but not specifically royal title, whereas
Junada means either "helper", "warrior" or "soldier", the second denoting
the role he would have as a Knux counterpart, and the first could've tied
into the role he did for his former family

### Sunya Fa

A royal of a country the Shogunate is aggresively expanding into. She
wields a spear-staff as a weapon to fight off the invading soldiers.
Alongside that, she trains civilians to be able to fend for themselves as a
Uibyeong(Righteous Army) against the incursion. After one of the other
heroes assists her in a battle, she agrees to join forces and play a more
direct role in taking down Yuko and his empire.  

[*Appearance*: a Saola dressed like Southeast Asian royalty, or Korean royalty if that's simpler to design] 

#### Author's Notes

While she's quite inspired by Ba Trieu, a woman whom led a
Vietnamese uprising against an occupying Chinese kingdom, as well as noted
to lead a Korean-style Uibyeong which fought against Japanese invaders,
I've went with a more Laotian name because Lan Xang and Laos as a whole are
underrepresented.

Sunya apparently means "Promise" in Laotian, which I interpret as a pledge
to defend the homeland against the Shogun's invaders, and Fa is
specifically to do with Fa Ngum, the king whom established Lan Xang as its
own independent entity.

### Ivete de Nanban

A matchlock-wielding foreign conquistador stationed to guard a maritime
trade route operated by a far-away empire. A job she's none too pleased
with given she instead desired to be part of an expeditionary force that's
out colonizing an entirely different part of the world for its riches and
resources. As a result of this, she's takes up unscrupulous mercenary work
for a hefty price where she ends up looting whatever remains. Due to her
armour and technological advantage, she often gets hired by the Shogun
himself, but he best not get too complacent with her, lest Ivete decide
that she herself can usurp the rulership from him.

[*Appearance*: Either a Lynx or a Podengo outfitted like a Portuguese conquistador/tercio, chestplate & morion & all] 

#### Author's Notes

The main reason I didn't go for a male "Vasco de Nanban" was because it may've been TOO similar to Fang that way

Nanban is the word the Japanese used to describe foreigners, specifically
meaning "Southern Barbarian", but one that ended up used for European(read:
Portuguese and I guess Dutch) arrivals. Ivete because it derives from
Yves(yew) and It might have originally been used of an archer, since yew
wood was used to make bows.

For an additional note, "Vasco" was the name of a Portuguese explorer to do
with the Indian spice trade route

### Ganbaatar

A robot designed by the Shogunate's scholars to study the tactics &
achievements of various historical figures[think Genghis Khan, LÃ¼ Bu,
Nobunaga, Hideyoshi, Gwak Jae-u, Gia Long], especially if they had a flaw
that led to their downfall. Specifically to "fix" their mistakes and see if
one could make THE Hero that can make the Shogunate decisively thrive once
and for all. To the point that the scholars made Ganbaatar's internal clock
overflow to better channel the historical figures it's intended to
replicate. There may be an aspect or few the scholars have overlooked,
however, particularly if Ganbaatar's computing decides that Yuko is too
weak to rule the Shogunate, that the army is better fit under Ganbaatar's
command, and that it's enough of a factor to betray Yuko himself.

[*Appearance*: Robot yak wearing Mongolian armour]

### Author's Notes

Ganbaatar means "Steel hero" in Mongolian, here owing
to his robotic, and historical-figure-replicating nature

